you
big waves are my passion it's what I
loved what I live for
just wind blowing in your face just
magical I fell in love the day I hit the
water when I was 11 years old in Hawaii
every second of my life all I thought
about was the next surf session how to
get a good board where I was going to go
sir
when you're coming down a giant wave
here you're going faster than you've
ever gone and then this monsters chasing
you and then there's these giant chops
and you're hitting them so hard your
brains getting rattled your bones are
getting around your whole body's getting
valid and for that type of a wave we
have to design a special board and this
board needs to be the fastest board
you've ever surfed sleek sexy fast board
so I can only imagine what it's going to
look like
it is the challenge of speed and of
dynamics the surfboard is a very pure
body it's half flying it's floating
which makes this board and to digitize
the board like that and to work with
poor design a very special thing
we discussed that we had a lot of
questions what happens to the board what
happens to you
Garrett when you get hit by the wave
what is the main dynamic moment what's
the maximum speed so we exchanged
aerodynamical water aqua dynamical
aspects thing that we could perfect on
this is right between here and here
we'll make it as stiff as possible like
with carbon fiber make it really stiff
and then from here for where we make it
really flexi with Kevlar or I don't know
what other materials we got to have flex
in the nose so when you hit it's a
smoother hit it doesn't shock through
your whole body
but you've got to change that's a cut a
cut and um we also want to see how fast
everybody all news reporters people ever
how fast you going I don't know I think
30 to 70 other I think especially
extreme wave surfers they have a very
high speed
we asked Garrett just now he doesn't
know exactly but I guess it's somewhere
around 50 60 kilometers an hour and that
that's be the air resistance is a matter
of fact so we can know for example that
speed and you can feel the wind
resistance very precise and can optimize
his then
[Music]
the Sun another
you